# Rust Ownership 

## Giveth away ownership

If you equal a var to another var it gives it ownership unless you copy it.

For example:
if
    let vec0 = Vec![1,2,3]; 

    let vec1 = vec0; 

    you can not use vec0 again. 
    
I think there is a way where you can do something like vec0.copy() but the type needs to implement it
also I am not sure about this yet. 



## Browwowing in functions

You can do some fun things with browwoing in functions. If you send a mut object and then pass it in
you can return nothing in the function and then it works like passing by reference. 

## Mut in function

If you want to to change the var in the function you need to give it mut. You put mut in front of the 
var name and not the type. The var does not need to be of type mut. 

# Modules!

## pub vs private

Everything is private by default so if you want to make it usualy by programs outside your mod. Make it pub. 

## How to call

The syntax for call mod functions is the mod name::function name

# Macros

## How to tell if it is a marco? 

You need to use '!' after macro name to use a marcro. 

Think of printline!() this is a macro.

## Where to put in file

Macros need to come before where they are called. They are made a runtime not at compile time. 


## Macros in mods

#[macro_use] must be used infront of the mod to be able to use the macros. The compilers does not know 
about the marcros if this is not there. 

## Macros need to be seperated

You seperate a macro in a macro {} with semicolins

## Some reading about macros vs Function

1) It expands to something that is typesafe at compile time. In C, printf tries to format things runtime, based on the format string. That isn't safe.
2) It's very fast: it's possible to dispatch the formatters statically.
3) It allows for variadic arguments, which functions don't currently have support for.

Edit: Oh, btw, I'm explaining specifically about println! macro here, as you can probably guess!

-----------

In addition to the above, macros allow you to encapsulate patterns that simply can't be done using a function abstraction. For example, the try! macro conditionally returns from the enclosing function. There's no way you could put this in a function, since the return would have to be non-local. Other macros allow you to declare types, functions, etc... that match a template. In both cases, the pattern being expressed is incompatible with the abstraction that functions
provide.
